hi guys today I'm doing another video in
my video series of the best Android wear
apps and today we're taking a look at
picks toe cam picked so cam is a remote
control app for your phone that allows
you to use your phone's camera from your
Android wear SmartWatch and the cool
thing about picks toe cam is how many
different options it has this thing is
really loaded it gives you full control
over your phone's camera so you can set
the timer you can take a picture have it
be delayed so if you want to set it up
on a tripod this is really handy so
right now you saw a five-second
countdown you can also turn on and off
the flash or you can turn it to
automatic you can also change the number
of megapixels the resolution of your
photo that you're taking so I have a
really high resolution camera a 21
megapixels but I don't really need all
21 megapixels so I can set it down to
like 10 or something you can also change
between the front and rear facing camera
as well and you can also do video mode
or picture mode which is really handy
now do note that switching between the
front and rear camera there seems to be
some lag and I sometimes get this
flashing back and forth between the two
I think it might be a Bluetooth issue
between my phone and my SmartWatch but I
don't know you'll have to check it out
and let me know if you guys experience
the same problem and sometimes it seems
better than other times so we can see
that down below I have my phone and
right now I'm doing the front-facing
camera looking at the passport but then
I can also switch it back and look at
the rear view of my phone and see the
viewmaster if you guys remember those
those are from like 90s when I was a kid
those are really popular you can also
zoom with this app as well which is
really cool and you can zoom in or zoom
out so that's another handy feature and
then at the very very top of this you
also get your phone's battery life so
it's jam-packed with features it's a
dollar ninety-nine there are other apps
that do similar things for cheaper but
if you want the full features this is
the way to go thanks for watching guys
if you're interested in learning more
about any of the apps you saw in this
video you can find their Google Play
download links in the description
I always love hearing your feedback so
leave me a comment and let me know what
you thought and finally if you enjoyed
this video and you'd like to stay up to
date with the latest apps and Android
wear developments click the subscribe
button I'll see you guys next time